Akio Rong
explosion
Are you all right?
Wong Ka Wah, what are you doing?
I'll fuck you
This bad guy who only drags the chicken's hind legs
Don't come with me!
What right do you have to hit someone?
Mingyuan, you are going to give this backward element
Fallen with him
How dare you protect him
I don't protect him, do I protect you?
Why is the wound on your head healed and doesn't hurt anymore?
That's because I'm hurting
I'm too sinner
Ming Yuan
We had someone in the city come down to check today.
Just to extract his ideological transformation
So as not to drag down everyone in the village's work
Besides, what's your hurry?
As a gun, I have no consciousness at all
Who gave you the eligibility check?
The commune sent you
Or did the production team send you here?
Are you blind?
Didn't see the commune secretary here
Someone up there came down to check
Ming Zhiqing, since you are an educated youth
Should I assist everyone to help him reform through labor?
He shouldn't stop everyone from helping him.
What is your transformation? Do you hit people casually?
Hit him what's wrong
The report written by this backward element is so short
So perfunctory
Not an honest person at first glance
This officer
Then I ask you
The investigation team at the top came down today
Say my partner made a big mistake
Do you want to punish him? Do you want to punish him?